---
layout: post
title: Week 2
excerpt: "Second Week"
postdate: 2016-09-04
---

**What did you do this past week?**  
This past week, I worked on getting my project repo set up, connecting Travis, and learning some Python and got started on Collatz.


**What's in your way?**  
I basically knew 0 Python starting this class, so I've had to learn Python. We start with an easy project, and the best way to learn a new language is to just start programming in it, learning as you go.


**What will you do next week?**  
Next week, I plan to finish up Collatz and make sure my program passes all the public test cases.

***

# The Class
This is the first class I've had where we can gain or lose points by breaking other people's programs with our tests or having our own broken. I think this is a good way to encourage writing good code because you can never think of all the edge cases yourself. Using other people's tests can catch things you haven't thought of.  

The class ranking is interesting. I'm wondering if it will result in more competition in the projects (like the public tests) because now you see how you compare to others in the class rather than just project and quiz grades and averages. We'll see how this works out and how competitive people can be.


# Tip of the Week
Read the books and assigned papers early. The readings are already posted for every week, so you should get them done over the weekends. This way, you'll have a better understanding of the material and because of that, the lectures. If you read before class, you also can ask any questions you had about the readings in class and help out other students.
