---
layout: post
title: Week 3
excerpt: "Third Week"
postdate: 2016-09-11
---

**What did you do this past week?**  
This past week, I finished up our first project, Collatz, and got caught up on some of the readings I had missed for previous weeks.

**What's in your way?**  
We finished the first project last week, so there's no big roadblocks in my way yet. I do need to play around more with Python and the examples we did in class to get a better understanding of what we've gone over.


**What will you do next week?**  
Next week I want to get started early on project 2, whatever it is. I will also work on some more interview practice and career fair prep, along with working on iOS and network security projects.
***

# The Class
Working with TravisCI was something new to any school projects I've done before. Automatic tests running whenever I pushed code was a good way to see if I had broken anything my local tests didn't catch. I had also found a script Travis could use to automatically merge my dev branch to master if all tests pass, which made sure that my master / production branch was always the latest fully working version of my project. This also helped to avoid merge conflicts if I had forgotten to manually merge for a while and changed something big in dev.  


Python has lots and lots of abstraction, so it's very easy to read and write, but at the cost of speed. Even on the Collatz scoreboards, the fastest Python solution was 0.01, with only a few people reaching this speed. Meanwhile on the C++ solutions, a speed of 0.0 was pretty easy to achieve with the same optimizations. I will have to worry about how efficient my code is whenever our projects have some solution time limit even more so than if I was using another language.


# Tip of the Week
Start researching companies at the career fair now. The more you know about a certain company, the better the questions you can ask, and the more the recruiters will like you, getting you closer to an interview / job. With a list of companies to talk to and details about them, you won't waste time at the career fair constantly looking up companies on your phone.
