---
layout: post
title: Week 6
excerpt: "Sixth Week"
postdate: 2016-10-03
---

**What did you do this past week?**  
This past week I didn't do much for this class other than some reading and reviewing what we did in class.

**What's in your way?**  
The test on thursday. But there is no class on Friday!

**What will you do next week?**  
I will hopefully find a group and get started on the next project. I'm looking forward to a 

***

# The Class
I find the missed class policy a little harsh. Downing encourages us to get interviews and jobs/internships, but this class is three days a week and flying out for interviews takes time. I wouldn't put going to class above getting interviews, but I don't like how missing just a few classes here and there can hurt our grade. My iOS class has a similar policy, and I will also end up missing some of those classes for other interviews.

We've been doing more interactive things in class like writing python code ourselves, like what would be on a test. More of this would be really helpful. Writing the code ourselves instead of watching Downing write code on his laptop is a better way to learn python syntax. It also helps us make sure we actually understand what we're doing. It's much easier to think you understand something when it's on the board instead of when you're writing it yourself.


# Tip of the Week
Get started studying for this test early so you don't get stressed the night before. If you spread out all the material, then it will be a lot easier to manage.
