---
layout: post
title: Week 5
excerpt: "Fifth Week"
postdate: 2016-09-25
---

**What did you do this past week?**  
This past week, we had career fair and got Netflix finished up and turned in.

**What's in your way?**  
Since all my classes are in between projects, there's not really anything in my way this week.

**What will you do next week?**  
Next week is full of interview prepping as well as getting started on the iOS class project, which will take all semester. I also need to start studying for the SWE test, which is next Thursday.

***

# The Class
This week, we had a guest speaker, Alex Menzies, visit from JPL. He talked about how he deals with project design and how they work down their ideas into a few good ones. How to build things right was different than how to build the right thing. You have to keep in mind what your product is actually trying to accomplish while building it, or else you're going to end up with something close, but not what's actually needed. He also went into detail about how they worked with Microsoft's HoloLens team while it was still a top secret project. The HoloLens demo was the best demo I've seen in a talk like this, especially since it was the first time that software has been demoed. This application displayed the Mars landscape on the HoloLens using all the pictures taken by Mars rovers mapped to a 3D landscape. 



# Tip of the Week
Make sure you're prepared for all your interviews. Don't be afraid to ask your recruiters more about what the interview will be like. Make sure that as well as prepping for technical questions, you have questions to ask your interviewer about the company. This is helpful to both you and the interviewer. If you have insightful questions, your interviewer will think you actually do care about the company and help your chances for getting an offer.
