---
layout: post
title: Week 1
excerpt: "First week experiences"
postdate: 2016-08-28
---

**What did you do this past week?**  
This past week, I've looked over the class syllabus, the class website, and got Docker up and running on my own laptop.


**What's in your way?**  
Since this was just the first week, there hasn't been any difficulties yet and nothing's in my way.


**What will you do next week?**  
Next week, I plan to familiarize myself more with our class tools, take a look at the posted readings for the week, and probably start on the first project.

***

# The Class
Since this is the first week, there isn't much to say about projects or tests yet. There are a few new tools we will be using in the class like Docker, but they should be easy enough to learn as we work with them more and more. The quizzes seem like they can cover any small detail that we've learned, so we will have to keep up with the class and review material as we go, rather than cramming everything into the night before a test which occasionally works in other classes.  


The lectures are interesting. Downing will randomly call on student to answer questions instead of explaining everything himself first. This makes me pay more attention and be ready to answer if I’m called on. There is more interaction with the class in these lectures than in normal classes where you just sit and listen. I feel like this type of lecturing will help me get a lot more out of the class.


I'm very interested in learning more about full stack development. So far my only experience with that sort of thing has been during hackathons, where there isn't enough time to really learn new tools or make sure you're using them the right way. I'm looking forward to seeing how all these tools are meant to be used.

# Tip of the Week
Docker has a nice container manager called [kitematic](https://kitematic.com) which serves as a  graphical interface to launch Docker. It also keeps track of shared folders and can easily access logs, start, stop, and restart containers, and seems like it will generally streamline Docker usage.
