---
layout: post
title: Week 7
excerpt: "Seventh Week"
postdate: 2016-10-09
---

**What did you do this past week?**  
I spent this past week studying for the test by going over everything we did in class and trying to write variants of the exercises we did.  
**What's in your way?**  
I have an onsite interview on Monday I have to prepare more for.

**What will you do next week?**  
I will spend some time meeting with my group to figure out what we will do for our IMDB like project.

***

# The Class
I think that the test was pretty fair. As long as you had enough understanding of what we did in class, like specific Python features, to use them yourself, you would do fine on the test. Everything we needed to know was given to us on Piazza, and there weren't any surprises. The test did start fairly late, on top of the already late time it was supposed to start because we had to get each of our cheat sheets checked and check in to take the test.. However, there was no rush for finishing the test. Canvas was a little annoying to code in. Copying and pasting didn't work too well because it would mess up the formatting, but it was still better than handwriting code for a test.  
The project seems interesting because we get to make a whole website, front end and back end included, and then work on the same site through the rest of the projects. 


# Tip of the Week
Don't put off classwork for interview prep. You'll end up falling behind, and end up with even less time for preperation. 
