---
layout: post
title: Week 4
excerpt: "Fourth Week"
postdate: 2016-09-18
---

**What did you do this past week?**  
This past week, I have started and almost finished the Netflix project, and started to prep for the career fair.

**What's in your way?**  
This week is career fair, so that and related events will take up a large chunk of time. I'll have to make sure to make time to do all my homework and projects.

**What will you do next week?**  
Next week is career fair, followed by even more company events and interviews. I have to finish up a few projects, like Netflix for this class, as well as our first Network Security project and some iOS homework.

***

# The Class
This week, we had a guest speaker visit from Bloomberg. He talked about all the different tools and languages they use for work. I was surprised at just how much of their profit Bloomberg gives back to the community, 85% of over $3 billion. 

It's pretty interesting how much our class and OOP have been bugging the TravisCI team. I heard that, for the previous OOP project, Travis rolled back a small change so that everyone's projects would stop failig. And for our class, Downing had to ask them to make our classroom github an educational account. Speaking of github classroom, github has released a new way to make repos. By creating a private repo in the classroom organization, the graders have access to all of our private repos and we no longer have to invite them individually to our 30+ repos, spamming their emails. After fixing the Travis problems, it seems like a great way to submit code for class.


# Tip of the Week
Talk to more companies than just the ones you're interested in at career fair. You can use other companies as warm ups / practice before you talk to the ones you really want to work for. It also won't hurt to get a few more free shirts. Also remember to know some things and have good questions to ask about whoever you're talking too. You can always look them up on your phone while you wait in line or are just standing nearby.
